what's up guys i'm here again another
video mason hangy um sorry Jesus Hodges
um I'm here for another video I just
excelled my friends game I needed
everyone during a lager right now I told
him to make a video grade back i was
going to run back so i just got a little
square video um minnesotaburns was one
of my favorite youtubers since
skydoesminecraft oh um I new sky when I
2012 um and I met this little burns was
like five days ago I gotta say his
videos are really really true um I
watching that troll office which is one
of I think is other YouTube accounts
because it sounds he sounds the same
thing um but uh yeah so I watched his
1v1 with em buddy 30 and then I watched
up again um clan one which was hilarious
and I watch this one 1v one thing he's
saying about all these hacks how to get
the headshot hacks you saying that
friggin chola is it started this way
it's not tomorrow is the day when
freakin vengeance come out which is I
have my xbox live money freaking waiting
the drop load to tray on Fred's awesome
and plus Scully goes everything xbox one
freaking just gonna come in my room my
sell my xbox for that I don't care how
much one and get I'm gonna get it um
yeah so I'm not show you the video when
he says that showing is illegal I want
to call the cops on you he's not gonna
do any of that because we are not living
with him all right I hope you hear this
stop worshiping minnesotaburns you guys
need to stop it is illegal I am going to
get your account banned yet don't
understand it trolling is becoming
something it's bad you guys need to stop
supporting him he is making money off of
you how can I make you understand it you
guys are so stupid you're not stupid but
you're stupid top damn it ah and someone
in the comment section of my video mine
is violating my rights he is called
saying that I have a unibrow some other
guys saying that I sound like a
six-year-old well shut your damn mouth
now I gotta stop in there Ok Go Go sick
no yeah okay all right um he's saying
that he's gonna call a cop so he's not
okay this freakin video was made in
december nine 2012 he's not gonna do
anything all of that no this has been
going on 24 now it's time for us to end
this we youtubers need we do the rights
of comedy forgiven paranormal freaking
comedy we do all that stuff but we hate
haters haters gonna hate it has been a
big sensation bros before hoes haters
gonna hate I he hears the heat ah they
freaking whine whine whine and I heard
that someone called him a six-year-old
he whines like a six-year-old so yeah I
like to put a thumbs down I want to
comment in the video saying that he is
it'll why not he's why he wanted one of
me he whined Phillip so yeah if you
watch this video fully and and I hope
you like it if I hope like I've blog
news on this for can make a video and it
do all the kind of stuff talk about it
cuz miss uh is awesome got drums show
all this no snitching oh ah oh yeah so
go BAM below to subscribe like it's like
do that I'm stupid and go down to
comment go on the right to watch more
videos of people saying about him and
watch Minnesota and then make sure I
watched radar because that's one of his
I think it's just because i don't i
don't know it's funny though track is
when he calls people i think and all
that kind of stuff minnesotaburns is one
he freaking little kids
so yeah and then got drums subscribe to
him he has a freaking auto-tune the
control thing so he's got done with
Julia and yeah uh yeah and I am Mason in
I am out